Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Cricket Icon: Good morning. I'm sorry I'm not too sure if I pushed on
Cricket Icon: If I pushed the talk button so you could hear me so I really do apologize. I was a little bit later on. So I'm moving. I told you that right
Cricket Icon: That I'm being the apartment and I was talking to the lady that I'm getting the
Cricket Icon: Apartment that
Cricket Icon: So I find
Cricket Icon: That it was a really important phone call.
Cricket Icon: But over some token I want to. I'm just glad that that I got to see you today. I really want to thank you for that box I that meant the world to me. Thank you so much. I was not expecting you to to get my boys close as well to thank you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was amazing. I didn't, I didn't do it. Remember that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just put the word out there.
Cricket Icon: Thank you. Thank you for that. So, so, so much. I really appreciate that.
Cricket Icon: May help like you're wearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: whatever you got. What did you get, I don't even know Tommy
Cricket Icon: She got she got two pairs of pants a size by um
Cricket Icon: There was like four shirts that were small, that didn't fit her. Um, and then there was, I think, like about there was about
Cricket Icon: I think about eight shirts and total for her and four of them fitter and for four of them didn't horrible more medium and a fitted her right before of them are small and they did it better. So
Cricket Icon: enforcers that bitter, so
Cricket Icon: Nothing, it's better than those two outfits. She was learning, you know, so she's not complaining. She's happy. She wanted me to thank you as well too.
Cricket Icon: For her, she's just she was really, really happy when she saw that close to say yes. Finally something different, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't I will pass it on.
Cricket Icon: Thank you.
Cricket Icon: Thank you, if you could please pass that on
Cricket Icon: With all my gratitude and love and respect and everything. It just
Cricket Icon: That I really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thought I well
Cricket Icon: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're moving this morning.
Cricket Icon: Not, not, not this morning, but I'm I'm moving may 19, I believe, because I have to go through this whole court process here where I'm living
I'm
Cricket Icon: It just, it just doesn't make sense to me because
Cricket Icon: On in February around the end of February when this one. This Kovac had
Cricket Icon: Had had barely hit in the little kiss on the beginning of February, my hours had ended up dropping
Cricket Icon: Okay, so I wasn't able to to pay my rent for people to to pay my rent at that time. So I went in with the manager, face to face, and I found an organization to do that was willing on pain. My April and marches rent. So I'm so from what the order form from what the organization told me
Cricket Icon: She told me golden speak to your manager tell her that you have an organization that's going to pay your February and marches rent.
Cricket Icon: And I told us. So in March. On March 1 if you could just easily me a know on my door of how much I oh and then I have an appointment with her March. Wow. On
Cricket Icon: March 12 with the with with the organization that's going to pay my rent and she said, okay, that's fine. I'll go ahead and do that for you. And then
Cricket Icon: It comes to find out I had told my my coordinator from sectioning I had because she wanted it, they, they wanted to come do
Cricket Icon: Another inspection here which the apartment that I'm living in now. They falling apart and the manager literally told the maintenance to not to not do no no work in the apartment.
Cricket Icon: So I have sliding doors in my kids rooms that literally fall down almost smash the baby a couple of times I don't let him in a room anymore.
Cricket Icon: I mean, it's just, it's just really bad. I need to get out of this apartment, but um but anyway so so she she agreed on.
Cricket Icon: On that conversation I had with her and then once I had told my coordinator Karen from from the housing authority that that I was thinking of moving out of here.
Cricket Icon: Just due to just a lot that I have been through, and the manager just never put any attention to me. Um, I, I, you know, kind of felt discriminated and just like just like like
Cricket Icon: Like if like, like if she didn't like if she doesn't see me as a as a human being, like she she just treats me completely different compared to how she treats everybody else so
Cricket Icon: So anyway, so. So okay, so I told my coordinator that and I'm not too sure if Karen went and told the manager here um well i i well from from what Russell told me, I'm sorry, I must press dying. He took a deep breath.
Cricket Icon: Okay, so
Cricket Icon: I believe that Karen had told her that I was thinking of moving out of here and I think she took that personal and she
Cricket Icon: She went and took me to court, one day before on May 11 she went and she took this to court and on the 12th. I went and I got how
Cricket Icon: For for my rent to get paid and her name was milena from from the, from the, from the organization. Her name was Melinda.
Cricket Icon: And Melinda had called the manager here and I told her. Okay, I'm gonna pay rosov February and marches RENT. AND THE LATE. The late fees and and
Cricket Icon: Plus five months on top of that to get her ahead, you know, to help her out like me to help help her get ahead.
Cricket Icon: And putting putting I told her no i'm i'm on I'm not accepting no payments from her right now at this time until we bought a core and and
Cricket Icon: I had no idea. At that point you would take me to court. So when when when when will then came out man told me, Rosa. I'm so sorry to to let you know this.
Cricket Icon: I don't know if you have heard this before, but I just been finished the principal Kadena and she told me that she's not taking no payments on that she's taking you to court.
Cricket Icon: And I was like, why it was a big surprise to me. It's almost like I spoke to her about this. I thought she understood me, you know, so, um,
Cricket Icon: So yeah, so we went to court, the first time. And, of course, is a little bit 19th going on. So, so the judge said I can't just throw her and her kids out
Cricket Icon: You know, because of this rent that that you're seeing that that that she owes which she got paid off.
Cricket Icon: Like in full. I got it all paid off every single dollar so there's no there's no reason for them to evict me. Either way, I don't want to stay here. I really got another apartment, um,
Cricket Icon: So yeah, so that's so that's where I stand right now. I go, I go to court. Now, again, on, on the 19th and I ended up getting a attorney through legal aid to help me with this case. So, so, yeah. So, so the attorneys going to try to
Cricket Icon: Try to take the the eviction off the table because he's trying to get me evicted. And I don't know for what she
Cricket Icon: She says that that that it's not personal, that it's not her that it's the owners that want me out which don't make sense because I bet. I've been consistent on my rent and everything for the past nine years until these two months and then she she
Cricket Icon: finds out that that that i i was thinking a movie now and then, before that I had told her. I'm
Cricket Icon: You know, cutting off. I'm so now my son turned five and
Cricket Icon: You had told me that that when my son had turned five that you would move me into a three bedroom.
Cricket Icon: When, when you had first started working here. I said, so I'm going to want to move into three bedroom and she told me, I'm not moving in. I'm not moving you into a three bedroom and she starts laughing
Cricket Icon: And I was like, What do you mean, like, why not like, what, what have I done like why why are you saying it in that way. Like, like if I've done something wrong.
Cricket Icon: I she made me feel so bad to where I literally apologize to her and I told her, putting off. I don't know why you're treating me this way.
Cricket Icon: Or I don't know why you're doing this to me. But if I ever did anything or said anything to offend you in any way, which I know I haven't because I I have, I have a lot of respect for you. You know, I'm
Cricket Icon: I'm not that type of person to disrespect anybody
Cricket Icon: Even if they disrespect me I'm not that person to like be resentful. I'm just a forgiving person. So I asked her, you know, if I didn't think tell it to her to or anything like that. If you could forgive me.
Cricket Icon: And she said, yeah, yes. And also, yeah we're good, you know. We're on, we're on good terms so
Cricket Icon: It. So it seems like ever since I asked her about that three bedroom like not even not even a week later, is when I had told Karen on about about putting the house, the house that I'm leaving on on hold for the for the inspection, because I was thinking of moving out and then
Cricket Icon: I'm sure the word got to quoting on and then I know she just decided to take me to court. But I'm not worried about it because I got it all paid off. I got the full amount paid off that that the judge had
Cricket Icon: Had had a. How do you see it.
What the judge ordered
Cricket Icon: Ordered we requested that that needed to be paid, which was $595
Cricket Icon: So I thought that paid off. So that's what the phone call was about now.
Cricket Icon: That's why I was a with you is because she had called me. She asked me about the situation I pretty much explained everything that I told you just you know a little bit more
Cricket Icon: And oh, she she just told me to go and get a
Cricket Icon: What is it called it, my gosh, I'm not to call her back and get it a ledger that for me to go to just manager and just get a ledger just
Cricket Icon: Stating that that I paid off everything she said, and bring it to me and we'll, we'll proceed from there. So, so that's that's where I'm at right now so
Cricket Icon: I'm waiting for them to open now at 10 so that I can go and get that letter.
Cricket Icon: And go and take it to Montreal at the other apartments at the piece of a dead. That's where, that's up with a I couldn't find a three bedroom, which really, you know, really, really suck. Excuse my French. But really suck on
Cricket Icon: My. I mean, I was really looking forward to a three bedroom. So my daughter didn't have her to see. So I can have my privacy. So my two boys can share a room.
Cricket Icon: But I mean, all the plan was a two bedroom and just long as I have a roof over my kids house. That's all that matters to me. So I just took the two bedroom because nowhere else has a three bedroom, I have
Cricket Icon: All the parts.
Cricket Icon: Santa Fe and no Ross has a two or three bedroom, I have been tried to find a house and I I can't find anybody that that wants to accept Section eight, which I don't understand, because it's a guaranteed payment in the government, you know, and
Cricket Icon: So yeah, so that that's pretty much where I stand right now. So, um, so yeah, so that's that's where I stand right now and I'm just trying to just
Cricket Icon: Get everything in order so I could just get out of, out of these apartments, because it's just, just not a good place to raise your kids.
Cricket Icon: The people, she had moved across for me before was the worst because it's like a it's an apartment that she rents to like link people from life link, and I don't judge nobody to each their own, but on the person that she had moved. Moved in had had drug problems. And then, of course,
Cricket Icon: He was, he was a type of person that let people take like take advantage of him bad. So by the time by the time we knew it.
Cricket Icon: Like about 40 people are living with him in that one bedroom right across from me. So every time we would walk out myself and my kids I would find full needles of, you know,
Cricket Icon: Of drawing like literally in the park out by noodles and park all over, like all over and literally where my kids could just pick them up not knowing what they what they are and poke themselves, and I called in.
Cricket Icon: Saying to her so many times, telling her, please. You need to move either me or them because I have kids and I'm finding this you know this this stuff around
Cricket Icon: And it's dangerous to my children and I just, I don't know how to go about it. You're the only one that could do something about it and all. She would tell me, is it or somebody
Cricket Icon: There's nothing I can do about it. You're just gonna have to deal with it. That's all she would tell me
Cricket Icon: That's, that's what that's what tells me. That's what showed me that she just doesn't care about my about mine and my children's well being at all.
Cricket Icon: Because she just didn't care that that there was 40 people partying on you know that are the right way. I walk out my door. I can see them. They were partying and
Cricket Icon: Uh, you know, doing, you know, drugs and stuff like that and spray painting in the house.
Cricket Icon: You know, they would open the door and there would be like 30 people all passed out. You could tell that that they were on you know their, their choice of a drug or whatever.
Cricket Icon: Like I said I wasn't judging, but it was just awful for my kids to see and to quote in like like white Lake why mom Why are all those people laying there. Make that they look like they're dead and
Cricket Icon: Done. It's, it's their, their questions that I'm not wanting to answer. So, of course, you know, I would just say they're just taking enough that they're just tired. They're just sleep, you know,
Cricket Icon: Um, but yeah. So, so the manager man here. I just feel just has no consideration in mine or my kids well being and she just trying to do everything to make my life miserable. She's
Cricket Icon: Ever since it's like I said she took over these apartments for years ago there was another manager before her. Her name was Ted ass off and
Cricket Icon: I used to live in apartment to 15 which was downstairs, and she was a really good manager. She updated you when your rent. Like if if it changed you know to pay your rent.
Cricket Icon: Except draws you know she updated it so you know we were able to keep up. She was always in the office or she always has somebody there an office so that we're able to get our rent to them, etc.
Cricket Icon: This manager does she doesn't do that. Like right now, if you were to call Tuscany. It's saying that that that that their phones disconnected and I've been trying to get in touch with her.
Cricket Icon: All through all of April, I even go to the office and it's always closed. I can't get ahold of her to discuss with her on the court. The court situation to make sure that April was paid because the organization. Mullin, she paid April's April's read for me.
Cricket Icon: So, Adrian read was was supposed to be in that in that amount of he thought he pees bona fide i i'm kind of meeting on Friday be I'll be writing okay to to to make the boys breakfast.
Cricket Icon: I'm sorry about that. The boys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't like
Cricket Icon: So, um,
Cricket Icon: So, so this. So yeah, so this is this is where I stand. I just, um, I kind of, I'm kind of like between
Cricket Icon: A rock and a hard place right now so I let me like like I tell you, I'm just trying to stay positive and just, just keep my faith in God.
Cricket Icon: And it all in his hands and and just let things work the way they're supposed to, you know, so
Cricket Icon: Stand. Yeah. Yeah. So I really tried. I went out. I found another please you know quickly because there's no way I could be living in my band. My kids or anything like that, you know, so
Cricket Icon: That's that was done. That's where I stand right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. And it sounds like you're doing a great job to
Cricket Icon: Thing you know I'm really, really trying. I really, really am. And thank you so much for giving me
Cricket Icon: Credit for that on my attorney and and my coordinator Karen from Housing Authority gave me credit for that. So thank you guys for that. I really appreciate it on
Cricket Icon: Coding on she doesn't give me no credit no credit at all for for getting
Cricket Icon: You know all the rent paid off that that that she asked up plus I paid all of all of the court fees that she went and paid to take me to core. I had to pay that back. So I read back on $600. I mean, it was 597 so almost $600 just for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just for our kind
Cricket Icon: Of brand. So
Cricket Icon: Wow. So yeah, so that's that's where I stand right now that's, that's my life right now so that that's what I'm dealing with so on.
Cricket Icon: I'm just waiting to 10 till 10 to go and get that that that just saved her from her so I could take it to my audio so that she could proceed with with me getting the apartment.
Cricket Icon: So, that was me approved so that I could move in.
Cricket Icon: May 19 she said I couldn't move in. But that's the day that I go to court. So like I said, I'm gonna try to get my attorney to wall. My I already spoke to my attorney. She said she's not going to try. She says she's going to
Cricket Icon: Put any emotion to get the eviction off the table and to just put and to just go by, by me just putting in my 30 day notice, which
Cricket Icon: I put in before I go to her now to get the legislator, I'm going to write that letter out. Um, so I had God I had got advice from Karen on how how to start off that letter and I kind of forgot, and how she told me, but
Cricket Icon: I'm not too sure if you're familiar with that. But this is this is what what what I understand what I'm supposed to write I or somebody out of metal on would like to vacate in my address Miguel Travis throat apartment to zero for you know Santa Fe, New Mexico. A 7505
Cricket Icon: Do too. I don't know what to put due to I guess I'm just going to put do to me wanting, wanting to make a change. I guess does
Cricket Icon: Does it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Add more, you can put like meeting more space or needing a three bedroom or you know what I mean. You can put it
Cricket Icon: See
Cricket Icon: I had a boring. I'm in a two bedroom now and I'm moving into a two bedroom. So, so to her Show theme needed more space. She's moving to exactly what she was in
Cricket Icon: So I don't know how to end that why I want to move out. I'm thinking of just putting because I don't want to offend her. Like I said, I don't want her to try to make things worse on me.
Cricket Icon: Right, I mean,
Cricket Icon: If I were because honestly, I would honestly want to put the truth.
Because
Cricket Icon: I want to move to
Cricket Icon: A different apartments for better management maintenance and a safer place to raise my kids. That would be my truly honest answer why want to move out. But if I put that I don't want to offend her and then she ends up
Cricket Icon: Doing something out of, out of hatred to to ruin things for me getting this apartment. And then on the on the street.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Cricket Icon: So, well, yeah. So I think, I think I'm just going to end it in that way. JUST JUST DO TO ME, I'M WANTING TO, YOU KNOW, JUST JUST TRY JUST TRY.
Cricket Icon: Just try out a new apartment complex or something like that and see and see all my kids like it different, you know, school district and stuff like that. Just being that I've been here eight years and
Cricket Icon: You know, I've had been had the the the best experience and for the past four years. I won't say specifically because of her but on ever since she took over. I had not had
Cricket Icon: A good
Cricket Icon: I just haven't had like nothing fixed in the house. I've had a hard time getting a hold of her. And when I do get a hold of her. She never asked him to talk to me or
Cricket Icon: Like when my when my door when when my house got robbed after she had people doing you know their stuff across for me.
Cricket Icon: For two, two and a half years. They live there. She didn't move them out for nothing. It took the police to finally get called
Cricket Icon: For quoting on to go and finally victim. That's what it took for my phone calls, didn't matter. She didn't need victim at all.
Cricket Icon: So I dealt with it I dealt with it. And my kids have to deal with it. And it was, it was really, really, I just, I just had a really, really bad experience these past four years that she has been a manager.
Cricket Icon: And if you are a team and go on the website and read the comments you will you will read a lot of the comments of the same stuff on saying and
Cricket Icon: This is dumb. I've said before I even read those comments so obviously I'm not the only one that is getting put through this
Cricket Icon: She picks. She picks and choose
Cricket Icon: Who she wants to move into her three bedrooms and from that that's that's how she says it my three bedrooms. I'm not going to move you into one of my three bedroom than she laughs It's like like wow really like why I've been a loyal.
Cricket Icon: Tenant for the past eight years I've. Why would you know moving into the bedroom. But whatever, it's over with. I'm just going to put in my 30 day notice I'm going to get that that that that just later that letter just stating that I don't owe anything and
Cricket Icon: And that's it, and just move out here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good. Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm gonna let you out of here. She can go handle your business.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And all right and we will get together next week, see how things are going and kind of go from there. But you've got a lot to handle and the great part about it is you have the capacity and capability to to do it. I love the fact that you advocate for yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rosa. That's an important they know you
Cricket Icon: So much so you I appreciate that. And you know what, being in group and talking to you has really helped me with that as well. So thank you guys as well to, you know, as well as my support system. They have been great as well to know just stay positive like like you've been
Cricket Icon: Things will go
Cricket Icon: For you, you know, so, you know, my, my, my boyfriend. He's, he's like always. He just, he's just the greatest he's always supporting me to the forest.
Cricket Icon: And telling me. Just don't worry, you know, just stay positive. The way you are, be who you are, you know, and things, things will work out.
Cricket Icon: You know, they always work out for you. So that's, that's what I've been doing. That's what I've been doing. So that's, that's, I'm just going to continue doing that. And it seems like it's working, you know, so, um,
Cricket Icon: Yeah, that's how it is. I wanted to, to, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said it. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, OK.
Cricket Icon: Ok I wanted so so yesterday I had missed i i know i think i have to speak with Antoinette.
Cricket Icon: Or I'm not too sure if you're able to do this for me, but okay so yesterday I miss group at four.
Cricket Icon: Do to this apartment situation. So I was I was with all three my kids. Plus, I was taking care of to my niece's so I had all five of the kids with me. I was on the road.
Cricket Icon: And I was going to take them to a park. I was about to get on group.
Cricket Icon: Checking out for. And then I got a phone call from the apartment complex stating a you you guys can even call them, is it Dr. Joanne Kendall would like to call them and confirm it that at that time.
Cricket Icon: I was there. Anyway, they, they called me and they said, also we need you to come in right right now to fill out this paperwork.
Cricket Icon: She said, because if you don't come and sign up, put your signature on on the people work that that that I have to send to Karen, which is the sun Pacific housing by today. She said somebody else can come in and do it and end up taking the apartment. So it was really important
Cricket Icon: So at that point, I just told all the kids get back in the van. And I, I didn't even think to still try to get on on the virtual fit, but I was driving
You know, so
Cricket Icon: I just I just ended up getting distracted. I mean, I'm not, I'm not very i'm not i'm trying to sugarcoat or anything. I'm just being straight up honest with you guys I I'm wanting to stay consistent with this. So I tried to get in to dr candles on six o'clock meeting.
On six
Cricket Icon: Um, yeah, and I go home at six about 603 I called the virtual clinic and I told him exactly what I told you the story that I got distracted. I'm sorry if they could please
Cricket Icon: Give me the number I had a really did my survey, they can just give me the number to Dr. Kendall and
Cricket Icon: Dr Kindles group. So I could attend this six o'clock group. Anyways, so by the time I got to the virtual clinic I had already spoke to, like, six like six different people. We keep getting
Cricket Icon: We kept on getting disconnected or they would hang up on me or just something would happen. So by the time I spoke to the last guy he finally gave me the number
Cricket Icon: Four for the group, but it was already. It was already 658 so when I tried to get in. Dr. Kendall, I had had denied me from the group because it was already over. So my, my question is, is there any way that that you could get me into
Cricket Icon: Into a group today. I know, I know, shared groups on Wednesdays as well. I just really need to make up this group, because I don't want to see her next weekend and she takes me back to my week I just went back to my two weeks, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He can attend today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You made
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yesterday,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm asking her
Cricket Icon: And she and she knows that I that I that I tried to go in because she she she obviously saw me trying to get into groups. And then, and then she she rejected me so obviously she saw my name there. She saw me trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do is too late.
Cricket Icon: Now, but it was just too late. So, um, but Dr. Kendall just needs to know that that I'm, I'm, I just want to stay consistent with this program.
Cricket Icon: As much as possible, which I have been it just I'm, I'm, I have so much going on, especially with this moving situation on top of on top of finances and all that.
Cricket Icon: That I just got distracted. Yesterday it was just a simple mistake and you know I won't happen again. I mean, I can't promise that things do come up, but I
Cricket Icon: when something like that happens I instantly right away, call the one 800 number and let them know. And then I call the virtual clinic and I let them know exactly what's going on. They just don't let it be. And then just go to the next group, you know,
So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She hasn't responded to me, but she might be in group or in a session, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will, as soon as I get my response from her. I will email you Rosa so that you know what her responses so that you have that information. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Cricket Icon: Great you when do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You wouldn't be able to go to a group today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On
Cricket Icon: Because I, when I first started off with her. I was going to group on Wednesdays and then
Cricket Icon: At that point I was still dealing with the situation with with my son in the state, etc. So I had my busy on Wednesdays with my son. So we went to Tuesday's so so I know I know she has group on Wednesdays, because I used to attend her groups on Wednesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you saw me today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In China insurance will only allow one visit per day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Cricket Icon: Shoe, I wish I would have known that that mean you could have rescheduled for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Cricket Icon: I wish, I wish I would have known that. So that mean you could have rescheduled or for our session for something later on this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that I could all go
Cricket Icon: Into the group, you know,
Cricket Icon: Because
Cricket Icon: Then pour into me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she said, Dad, I don't know. She doesn't have any other groups later this week but Tuesday is fine with her. So you don't have to make up the group, you just go to your regular group on Tuesday.
Cricket Icon: Okay, but, um, did you explain anything to her.
Cricket Icon: Like, just like just like something something get up just a little bit of just letting her know what's going on.
Cricket Icon: Like why why I missed it, that I just got distracted due to me moving and I immediately finding contacts with bright are out and and the virtual clinic, trying to get into her six o'clock yesterday.
Cricket Icon: And, you know, just let. I just wanted to know that that this is very, very important to me. I'm not, I'm not just missing groups and then just not getting in contact with you guys at all. I am staying consistent and I am staying in contact
Cricket Icon: I just don't want to go back to one week just because of this, of this misunderstanding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, I'm typing to her.
Cricket Icon: Thank you.
Cricket Icon: You are the best Rebecca
Cricket Icon: I wish I can give you a big air hug.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Busy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is. All right. Very good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day.
Cricket Icon: Thank
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You no problem, but she has any questions. So certainly, you know, let me know and I can give her any information and then you can give her you know more information on on Tuesday, but don't stress out about it. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay. I went to that.
Cricket Icon: Because I was stressing out about. Excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, do what you gotta do handle your business. You know what I mean.
Cricket Icon: Yes, thank you. Thank you so much.
Okay.
Cricket Icon: Thank you for getting that message to Dr. Candle because like I said, it means a lot to me to attend these groups and to attend my session with you.
Cricket Icon: It's not, it's not just because I have to. It's because I want to. It really does help me.
Cricket Icon: It's, it's like I told you, like, this is my only time this is like my might my sanctuary to be able to me with a group of people that understand me and be able to talk about it and
Cricket Icon: You know what I mean, give each other advice like I like it. I love attending group and I love meeting with you. You're great. You're, you're a good person to talk to you but listener. You give great advice.
Cricket Icon: Um, you know, you have a big heart, you know, just I really, really, really like you. I'm sorry. I'm very, very thankful that my life and
Cricket Icon: My counselor. So thank you for everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go feed your voice and do what you have to do, and have a great weekend rose. Okay.
Cricket Icon: Was well. We'll see you next week on Wednesday at nine o'clock am my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Yes, ma'am.
Cricket Icon: Okay ready Wednesday.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Cricket Icon: Thank you.
Cricket Icon: Again, Much Love. Thank you. If you could. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will, thank you thank
You